[Episode 11]
Nobody move.
Are these the ones?
Check them.
The boat got hijacked again.
Yeah.
Darn it!
They took my money and my boat. Are they coming for my life next?
Mr. Zhai.
What is it?
Bin. I did what you told me.
The money's in Lingang, and I've shut down the shady projects.
The cops are still watching me. What are they trying to do?
Calm down first.
It's already happened. Getting worked up won't help.
From what I can tell, they want to make an example out of someone.
I'm not going to be that example!
Hu, find out who's behind this. I'll take him out first.
Okay.
Zhai. There is still a way.
Do you want to hear it?
Will it work?
I'm back.
Look.
The supermarket had a sale today. I bought a lot of paper.
And this was buy one, get one free.
I got this color for you, and I'll take this one.
There are also matching toothbrushes.
Once you graduate and start making money, you can afford hundred-yuan towels too.
Do you even know how to run a household? You don't know how to save money at all.
Bring those in.
Recently, Kuangxia Properties, one of our city's top companies...
Where are you planning to put all this?
Several independent sources told our station...
In the cabinet.
that Kuangxia Properties is suspected of serious tax violations.
A joint task force is investigating them.
At the same time, Teng City tax authorities
have launched a citywide special tax inspection campaign,
focused on real estate and construction, called the strictest in history.
It's been twitching all night.
Am I getting pre-results anxiety?
[Status Message: Thunder Outside. Can't sleep.]
Ten.
Nine.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Five.
Four.
Why are you here?
Someone's still acting like a kid. What else am I supposed to do?
[Status Message: Thunder Outside. Can't sleep.]
I'm not stingy. You can have half.
No.
Then don't take it.
Great. I can sleep by myself.
Why are you staring at me instead of sleeping?
You're looking at me too, aren't you?
No.
Why is it still a no?
Not yet.
Go to sleep.
That's only what you think.
Are you hiding something from me?
I promise you, I'll tell you everything from now on.
Sleep.
Why are you awake?
Who is it?
Bin needs me for something.
My eye's been twitching all day. Can you not go out?
I'll be back before you check your scores.
Pinky swear.
Pinky swear. No changing it for 100 years.
If you break it, we'll never see each other again.
Sleep.
Have you seen the weather?
Take an umbrella.
Lift your foot.
Don't be nervous about checking your scores.
That's all you know how to say. You're not even checking them with me.
I know I'm wrong.
Then can you not go?
It's not like I'm never coming back.
We still have a long life ahead of us.
All right.
Go inside.
Go to sleep.
Come back early.
Sleep.
[I'm not afraid of the future.]
Once my scores come out, I'll go to college and become an adult.
I'll stand beside you as someone new.
I'm not afraid of the future.
I'm only afraid it's coming too slowly.
It broke down. Why now, of all times?
Why now, of all times?
If you were still with Kuangxia, you wouldn't be short on manpower.
- What about Sun Hu? - I don't trust him.
You're the only one who can do this.
About you leaving Kuangxia and resigning, he's already agreed to it.
But no matter what, we've been brothers for so long.
That bond is still there. Just help me one last time.
After that, wherever you want to go, I won't stop you.
Come on.
Thanks.
Bin wants me to go to the inspection office for him.
I'll try to get back before scores come out.
The scores are about to come out. I'm so nervous.
Two. Three.
- You'll be fine. - Number seventeen.
One computer, please.
You're all here so early.
Scores aren't out until eight. What's the rush?
The computers aren't going anywhere. You could have come later.
I feel better getting here early.
Here.
Whatever your scores are, you'll be fine.
Don't be nervous. I'm right here with you.
I'm here with you.
I'll be back before you check your scores.
[My Log]
[The Days Ahead Will Be Happy] [I'm a little anxious,]
[but I'm not afraid. The days ahead are sure to be happy, because I have you.]
[Visible to Selected Friends]
[Category: Private Diary]
I thought everything was finally moving in a better direction.
But a sudden fire threw everything off course.
Breaking news.
In the early hours today, a fire broke out
at the premises of a special investigation team in our city.
The city's fire brigade quickly sent crews to the scene to fight the fire.
Casualties are still being confirmed.
Stay with us for further updates.
No. Chen Yi is inside.
Listen to me. Don't do anything rash.
- Uncle Zhou. - Jing.
Come here. Listen to me. Calm down.
Chen Yi is still inside. Let the police handle it.
Let the police handle it.
Don't do anything rash.
- Go. - Move.
Chen Yi!
- Jing! Calm down, Jing. - I have to save him!
I applied to Teng City Normal.
What gives you the right to change it?
There's eighty thousand yuan inside. That's enough for you to live on.
Didn't you say everything was fine? Then why are you sending me away now?
After everything that's happened, I'm tired.
We're not the same kind of people. You can't help me.
Chen Yi, are you thinking straight? Do you know what you're saying?
Of course I do.
Miao Jing. You should wake up too.
Did you ever love me?
Love you? Don't be ridiculous.
After you get to Hai City, if I don't contact you first,
Don't come back looking for me.
[Jiaohai University] I've already spent 3,000 yuan.
Don't you think that's strange?
- Not strange at all. - It really is strange.
- Are you drawing? Let me see. - Yes.
- I already spent 3,000 yuan. - Want some?
[Why did you let go and keep your distance? Why did you let go of my hand?]
Yes. A ticket to Hai City. I want the earliest flight tomorrow.
Hello. Hello.
It's been years, and you still use a landline?
Give it to me. Give it to me!
You're just going to take it by force?
Even if you book the earliest flight, I won't leave.
You're going to squat here?
This is my home, and that's my bedroom. What's unreasonable about me staying here?
Calling won't force me out.
Can't stand it?
That's fine. Do whatever you want.
Throw it away. Far away. Into the river, preferably.
There are only a few clothes in there anyway.
Worst case, I'll wear your clothes tomorrow. Go ahead and throw all your clothes away too.
What exactly are you trying to do?
I told you. I'm moving back in. I'm staying here.
What do you want from me?
Put your clothes on.
How old are you? Why are you acting so innocent?
If you're throwing dirty clothes, throw them in the washing machine.
Why throw them at me?
I'm taking a shower.
So you're saying I should keep this for you?
Yes.
I'll be honest with you.
Some female clients' numbers are in there.
If An Qian finds out...
How long are you staying in Teng City?
I'll go back once my annual leave is over.
Also, whoever I contact, who I leave with, and what time I leave,
you can't tell anyone any of it.
I'll say it again. If you work for me, you keep your mouth shut.
Lighter.
Only then...
What do you mean?
Lighter.
Did you make your plan?
Not finished yet.
Go do it.
Smoking causes lung cancer. You know that?
If you're not scared, why should I be?
How did you become like this?
Become like what? You think you still know me?
It's been six years. People change.
But, Chen Yi, this is the future you planned for me.
Satisfied?
Don't say that.
Say what?
You're the one who walked away back then. You're the one who broke your promise.
Even the most naive person can change.
This is who I am now. Happy?
[Sending you the data. I'm boarding.] [The data needs another update. Stay Safe!]
- Hello. - Hello.
- Are you at the hotel? - I'm at home. Staying with my brother.
I didn't even know you had a brother.
We haven't been in touch for a long time.
But in the end, we're still family.
Why are you sleeping here?
Did it act up again? Or did you practice all night?
It isn't because Miao Jing came back, is it?
No way. Miao Jing really came back?
Why would she come back? No, why would she come back?
Keep it down.
She says she's back on vacation.
You're the only one who'd believe that.
What vacation? You two haven't been in touch for years.
Why would she come back now, of all times?
And you finally had some peace for a while.
Don't get yourself dragged under again.
No one wants her back less than I do.
Mister.
Are you changing a lock or making a key?
My lock got smashed with a brick. I need a new one.
Then you'll have to bring the old lock over.
Without the old lock, it's hard for me to estimate the size.
You should go back and bring it here.
Uncle Liu, you should know my door's size.
Miao Jing?
You still remember me.
Why are you back? No, I mean, how could you come back?
That reaction hurts.
Miao Jing, back then, I really didn't mean to.
Uncle Liu, open the door. Chen Yi's inside. Hurry.
Listen to me. It's not that I don't want to help.
The fire was so big. Going in would have been suicide.
I'm not asking you to go in. Just open the lock.
The inspection team's files are inside.
The inspection team?
Weren't the files about that pyramid scheme?
I understand. Nobody meant for it to happen.
It's just that luck doesn't always hold.
Uncle Liu.
Here.
I...
Thank you.
I'll pay you now.
Just come by and replace it. You must remember the size.
Chen Yi used to come here a lot, didn't he?
I'm leaving.
Why did you take her money?
Why couldn't I?
Who was that?
Don't ask about things that don't concern you.
Get back to work.
[Diagonal Billiards Club]
Who let you in?
You didn't lock the door.
Come on. Let's go to the market. The refrigerator's empty. We can't live on air.
House keys.
You're keeping the old ones?
Come on.
Why aren't you out having fun on your vacation?
I came back to see you.
How long is your vacation?
It's only been two days. Are you already sick of me?
Of course not.
Of course I'm happy you're back.
I can't stay long. I still have a ton to do.
Why are you driving so fast?
Forget the market. Let's get takeout. No one's using the kitchen.
I'll get the bowls.
Chen Yi.
The light's broken again.
I'll get a new fluorescent tube.
I'll turn off the breaker.
I'll do it.
You're not scared anymore?
Six years is enough to change a person.
When did you stop being scared?
Looks like we really have changed a lot.
[Come grab a late-night bite.]
Where are you going this late?
I have a girlfriend.
Did I ask?
You think I came back to chase after you?
Mr. Zhang, you finally have a few quiet days.
You rarely come by. Of course I have to host you myself.
Hongshen is going public.
As one of its investees, your company will definitely be audited.
Once the external auditors arrive, I'm afraid you won't have time to play ball.
We're all legitimate businesses. Everything is clean.
We'll cooperate with the audit, that's all.
Mr. Liu. About what I mentioned last time, have you given it any thought?
Mr. Zhang. Do you know this man?
I'm close with the one next to him.
Yi, a brother I'd trust with my life.
He followed my brother to Jin Kingdom a few years back.
Now that he's back, he can't be bothered with business.
He had a rough few years. So I thought I'd give him an easy company post.
He can play ball most of the time, and help with business when he's free.
Are you interested in him?
Money. Goods. These are what I can handle on my own.
But... If we want to sell the goods into Jin Kingdom,
We need someone to get that man on board.
Looks like during his years out there,
Yi has made quite a name for himself.
All right. I'll host next time and call him over.
You two can shoot some pool together.
Sounds good.
Thanks.
Well, Miao Jing...
She said she's leaving in a few days, but something feels off.
Of course it feels off.
Why did she come back? To see you?
But... you can't exactly call yourself wronged.
What you did back then really hurt her.
Don't drink anymore.
You keep drinking like that and you'll ruin your stomach.
You never used to be like this. You were terrified of ending up like your dad.
But ever since you came back, everything changed.
I used to be immature.
I may be in no position to say this.
But I still think Miao Jing should care about you more.
If she cares about me, then who's going to care about her?
Fine. Let's drop this topic.
When it comes to Miao Jing, you stop thinking straight.
Yi. Yong. Bo. I was young and reckless the other day.
Yi, here's my two cents.
You should listen to "Dragon".
My boss brought me to apologize to you.
Get lost.
Mr. Chen. Long time no see.
- Have a seat. - Sure.
This...
I must thank you for going easy on us.
Thank you for not holding it against this punk.
It's fine.
How about this? Let's settle this over a drink.
Once we drink this, we never bring it up again. How's that?
Sure thing.
Drink.
Pour one.
You should toast Yi too.
Yi, here's to you.
Bo.
Yi.
He didn't know any better. Don't hold it against him.
Look, in this climate, it's too hard to go it alone.
How about we band together?
So we can keep each other covered?
What do you mean?
I'll be straight with you.
Your billiards hall is in a good spot and makes good money.
Of course people get jealous.
My guys can watch the place for you. You know, looking out for each other.
We won't ask for much. 30% of the profit. Call it a little tea money.
Tea money? Why don't you call it support money?
Do you mean we're laid-off workers now?
Sorry, I opened that billiards hall for my brothers.
The shares are already fixed.
As for tea money, however much tea you drink at my place
And however much fruit you eat, I'll put it on my tab.
Fine.
Come on.
Just treat me like a brother.
One more friend is better than one more enemy, right?
Yi?